Update calendar and time picker topic and add a date picker topic (#393)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/calendar.md

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_weeknum.png" srcset="../images/calendar_weeknum@2x.png 2x" />

## Selection

The Calendar lets you pick between three selection modes: **Single Day** limiting the user to be able to select only one date, Multiple Days allowing selection of random dates, and Range providing means to select all dates between a start and end date.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_horizontal.png" srcset="../images/calendar_horizontal@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_selection.png" srcset="../images/calendar_selection@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_range.png" srcset="../images/calendar_range@2x.png 2x" />

## Styling

The Calendar comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the background, header background, title colors, and content month and year picker items, as well as text and background colors for the selected day, month, or year. These are applicable according to the rest of your configurations.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_styling.png" srcset="../images/calendar_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

> Use the Calendar as inline elements with the rest of the UI without additional visual effects. If you need to show modals, dialogs or dropdowns, consider using the Date Picker instead.

Reviewer: Calendar is singular, please remove the "s" from "elements"

> Use the Calendar as inline elements with the rest of the UI without additional visual effects. If you need to show modals, dialogs or dropdowns, consider using the Date Picker instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the Calendar as an inline element with the rest of the UI, without additional visual effects. If you need to show modals, dialogs, or dropdowns, consider using the Date Picker instead.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_horizontal.png" srcset="../images/calendar_horizontal@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_vertical.png" srcset="../images/calendar_vertical@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_multi.png" srcset="../images/calendar_multi@2x.png 2x" />

## Content

The Calendar can be inserted in day, month or year view to facilitate display of each of the major date portions.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_vertical.png" srcset="../images/calendar_vertical@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_months.png" srcset="../images/calendar_months@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_years.png" srcset="../images/calendar_years@2x.png 2x" />

## Week Start

The start of the week can also be chosen as an option at the time of inserting a Calendar between the two most common scenarios for first day of the week: Sunday and Monday.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_sun.png" srcset="../images/calendar_sun@2x.png 2x" />

> <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_vertical.png" srcset="../images/calendar_vertical@2x.png 2x" />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/calendar_mon.png" srcset="../images/calendar_mon@2x.png 2x" />
```
Maybe we need to change the name of the new image to its previous name to match the other image calendar_sun.png?
